I'm going to show you how to tie the
monkey's fist this mount has several
different purposes which is what makes
it kind of a neat knot it can be used
for for a weight adding not just to add
weight to the end of a line and then you
can swing the knot around and you can
just throw it and it'll kind of drag the
rope behind it I've made it not like
that and thrown it about 50 feet before
we're sure you could throw it farther if
you tried but anyways it can be also you
it can also be used for a so you can be
used for a stop or not it's not a very
good stop or not and I wouldn't
recommend using it first up or not
there's other knots that are a lot
better like such as the double overhand
knot that's a pretty good simple stop or
not anyways it can be also be used for a
weapon you can swing it around and like
knock people out with it and stuff I
wouldn't suggest doing that because you
probably wouldn't have very happy people
after that ah so they can also be used
for you can make a this knot out of
Kevlar rope if you have some line around
which you probably don't because it's
pretty expensive stuff it's about three
dollars a foot which actually isn't that
bad for Kevlar and then we what you
could do with that
Kevlar Monkey Fist is you dip it in
soaked in kerosene light it on fire it
and you attach to the end of a chain
before you light it on fire and dip it
in kerosene anyways the different
kerosene light it on fire and you can
you can swing it around on the end of
your chain it's called fire dancing you
can buy the supplies online so any ways
to make this knot you need to take a
pretty good heap of rope here I'll use
about this much to make my knot might
not need that much might need more it's
kind of hard to tell
anyways we're just going to use this
amount for now if I need to I can kind
of bring more from the from the main
line so I know is what you do is you
take your rope like this you wrap it
around your hand you'll hold it like
this wrap it around your hand one two
three times like that making sure you
have nice big loops and you just have
two fingers in between here or hole
holding on to the rope
could also do seize one it doesn't
matter take this rope wrap it around
like this one two three times see look
at that I'm going to need more rope
already which is kind of sad because you
saw the amount I started out with it was
quite a bit anyway so let me try this
again with more rope one two three one
two three then what you're going to do
is you can take the end of your rope
throw it through that hole gap and the
rope right there pull it not too tight
just like that now what your fingers are
going through you're just going to tuck
it right back through there right tuck
through the top again making sure to
keep making sure does you go you're up
when you wrap the rope around you want
you want the newer ones to band outside
you don't want them to kind of layer on
top of each other like that and back
through the bottom here top bottom and
past the top so now you have a monkey's
fist hasn't been tightened up yet it
does resemble a monkey's fist it's just
very hollow inside which is a good time
to put a weight in the monkey's fist
this is completely optional you don't
need to put a weight in you can use a
fishing weight or just a lead ball or in
this case I'm just the video I'm using a
white marble so you just shove that
inside of your knot like that or maybe
not like that but like this just push it
in there and you want to do this before
you tighten the knot up because if you
do it after it's impossible to get the
ball and you know what you can so then
you just go ahead and you tighten it up
basically just start pulling it tight
and you may have to do about three or
four rounds of tightening
like this
and then the last three here like that
so it's looking a lot better now you
could do that two or three more times
and I'll come back on it's done and you
can see how it looks as you can see here
we have a nice looking monkey's fist not
you can see the white marble I put
inside of it earlier it's very it's
pretty heavy I'd say maybe weighs
somewhere in between an eighth or a
quarter of a pound if you put like a
lead ball or lead weight or fishing
weight inside of it probably get it up
to about at least 3/4 of a pound if not
like a pound so I can definitely see how
they could swing these singers around
and knock somebody out with one so yeah
I hope you've learned something from
this video and yeah please rate the
video and comment if you want to you can
subscribe yeah